READONLY NOTE
=============

*DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE*

---

We are creating a payroll system

The attendance is collected manually, which is the enter and exit time.

Some days can be marked as holiday with pay,
Some days can be paid leave,
Some days can be unpaid leave.

The attendance sheet is entered into the system every month per employee and the final salary and its breakdown is the output.

There are several different types of config that are used to calculate each salary. 

Most config values are set once a year and doesn't change, but they might. 

So the system begins with collecting the base configs and have them as default values and allows modification at payroll time per employee.

Some configs are global and apply to every employee.

Some configs are conditional and apply to some. 
Some of the conditionals are marital status and gender.

Salaries are calculated hourly. 

But employee salaries are defined monthly. 

Their daily and hourly rate is calculated from the monthly salary value.

A working day is 8 hours including the 1 hour lunch break.

Employee list and their attributes like marital status, gender and salary is collected once at start and it allows to be changed every month before the payroll begins. Just like how config can be amended every month before the payroll.

When the employee list or config is changed before payroll, that becomes the new updated config and the default for the following months.


At the end of employee salary calculation system allows collecting multiple adjustment values per employee that can be positive or negative along with an optional comment that would be included in the salary breakdown report. 

Here are the remaining config rules:

Again the config values we state here are the current, and would be presented as default, and can be changed at every payroll collection, and changing them would result in the followings to take the new value. 

Here are some config rules: 

- additional bonus of 5 working days, let's call it bonus E

It means employee daily rate times 5

- additional bonus of 2.5 working days, let's call it bonus S

It means employee daily rate times 2.5

- fixed additional bonus of 14 million, let's call it bonus K

It means it applies to everyone, again it's a config, and like all other configs it can be amended


- fixed additional bonus of 9 million, let's call it bonus M

It means it applies to everyone, follows the same config rules

- fixed additional bonus of 5 million, let's call it bonus T

It only applies to married employees, 

- deduction of 7 percent of total calculated salary for insurance, let's call it deduct I

It includes all previous additions, so 7 percent of all of that.
